it's something you find about that is
way harder to keep you control when
you're coming down because you try to do
two things at once you trying to release
the bend like you're still bending the
string so you're going to let the string
down pushing it off otherwise you go
so devalue string wants to come down too
far
so messing around with that is good for
you and one moment the best thing in the
world I think this is where it starts to
get trickier with chromatic scale how in
tune can you bend several less dramatic
scale
how single if you make that sound what's
the real test is to pick every one of
those
experimenting with stuff like that just
be honest with yourself how it changes
it sound would I pay to hear somebody
else do this that last one was
borderline you probably wouldn't like
this by you how did you use to neurosis
it's a lot easier actually if you've
gone you might enjoy that to concoct and
exercise it's on the verge of what you
consider possible and really hone in on
the churning of it I'm a problem people
have today the temptation to let the
note fall down once you start wobbling
what are you actually doing that you
bend a note up to pitch and then when
you stop wobbling I think what you do is
bending slightly sharp and then doing
this rocking motion with your hands if
you just leave the bed where it was and
start rocking
sound as if is going flat
I kind of think that if you ought to
keep it sounding in tune
yeah just overcompensate slightly and
then when you let them live abroad sorry
when you let the vibrato motion kick in
you should retain the semblance of pitch
and you really can play tricks on you
like this if I think if you add vibrato
to and know that isn't then so help me
no really though that note is actually
makes me that if you slow it down it's
really not my home anymore
Rory's gonna forgive it and assume you
still that no but with vibrato I'm quite
intrigued by the other way by adding
adding a bra so it's a bit more vocal a
bit more violin like anything that
doesn't have friends
hmm sounds a little sweeter a little
Brian May I think rather
if you can prebend the notice a little
and then wobble it from there then you
have more freedom to go both up and down
in pitch and maybe we do need four
things you'll be able to make a little
bit more easy
oh and I guess the next thing we could
try and work out how you can bring bends
into your phrasing and what can you do
it off you just play it over and then
bend it thank you in terms of a short
melody maybe any two or three for a push
notes long
and seeing how many different places you
can apply a band where you've normally
maybe hammer on making you know